Add recent clarifications to the global README (#147)
hsf-training/cpluspluscourse: README.md

`codespell.txt` file. This file should list the supposedly misspelled words with
one word per line and is case-sensitive.

## C++ guidelines

- Prefer "east const" for new stuff.

## Exercises guidelines

### About instructions for mentors and students

> Cheat sheet is only for mentors, with roadmap, solutions and key points to discuss.

Reviewer: You can directly link to it:
```suggestion
The [cheat sheet](code/ExercisesCheatSheet_All.md) is only for mentors, with roadmap, solutions and key points to discuss.
```

> Readmes are for stundents. They hosts the "basic building instructions, gives the name of the main program file, and possibly gives a

Reviewer 2: students
```suggestion
Readmes are for students. These host the "basic building instructions, gives the name of the main program file, and possibly gives a
```

> Readmes are for students. These host the "basic building instructions, gives the name of the main program file, and possibly gives a
> summary of the exercise goals and steps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Readmes are for students. These host the basic building instructions, give the name of the main program file, and possibly give a summary of the exercise goals and steps.
```

> Inside the code, one get more precise help on what should/could be done and also where (when the code is long and only one part needs to be worked on).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside the code, one gets more precise help on what should/could be done and also where (e.g. when the code is long and only one part needs to be worked on).
```

> ### About instructions for mentors and students
> 
> Cheat sheet is only for mentors, with roadmap, solutions and key points to discuss.
> 
> Readmes are for stundents. They hosts the "basic building instructions, gives the name of the main program file, and possibly gives a
> summary of the exercise goals and steps.
> 
> Inside the code, one get more precise help on what should/could be done and also where (when the code is long and only one part needs to be worked on).

Reviewer: Maybe split this in two sections:
```suggestion
### Instructions for students

Look at the readmes. They host the basic building instructions, give the name of the main program file, and possibly give a summary of the exercise goals and steps.

Inside the code, one gets more precise help on what should/could be done and also where (e.g. when the code is long and only one part needs to be worked on).

### Instructions for mentors

There is a [cheat sheet](code/ExercisesCheatSheet_All.md) with roadmap, solutions and key points to discuss.
```

Author: Your suggestion makes me wonder : do you think this global README will be read by students ? My feeling was that, at least as it is written today, it was only done for mentors and material contributors. If we expects student to read, a larger refactoring would be needed, IMO.

Reviewer: I do think this is read by the students. We tell them to clone this repository for the exercises and we also have links here in the slides.

But I can now understand your PR better.

Author: Sebastien initially put here some information only for contributors. Time has come, I guess, to make a difference. I fully agree that this README is the first place where students will go. Actually, I would make a different README-contributors.md dedicated to contributors.

### About solutions

> Each exercice should provide some solution in `solution` subdirectory. For any `<name>.cpp` exercise, the solution should be called `solution/<name>.sol.cpp`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each exercice should provide a solution in the `solution` subdirectory. For any `<name>.cpp` exercise, the solution should be called `solution/<name>.sol.cpp`.
```

### About building

For the time being, we maintain both a raw `Makefile` and a `CMakeLists.txt`.

> The `make` command which should work straightfully on any linux-like system. The `make solution` command should build the solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `make` command should work directly on any linux-like system. The `make solution` command should build the solution.
```

- Do we require gmake ?

> - Do we require bash shell ?

Reviewer: Not sure about those.

Reviewer 3: I would be surprised for gmake, and for bash, only if we have shell scripts, but I do not think we do.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```
Let's cleanup and merge. Worse case we do another PR later.

> The `cmake` tool add support for Windows. It is meant to be used in a `build` subdirectory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `cmake` tool adds support for building on Windows. It is meant to be used in a `build` subdirectory:
```

```
mkdir build
cd build
cmake ..
make
make solution

> ```

Reviewer: Do we need to explain this here as well? It is part of the tools section of the latex slides.

Author: As a "pure mentor" not (yet) too much involved in morning lessons, I found it useful to recall here the good way to use cmake, for mentors (such as me)  which are cmake-blind ;

Reviewer: ok. mind however, that calling `make` as written here will not work on windows. you would need to call `cmake --build .` and `cmake --build . --target solution`. You might want to add this information.

Author: No sure I got it correctly. Can you suggest a commit ?
